[Docs] Improved antispam docs (#1063)
transparency-dev/trillian-tessera: docs/design/antispam.md

If your transparency application needs such properties you will need to handle this in the personality.

## Comparison with Trillian's LeafIdentityHash

Trillian operators may be familiar with the `LeafIdentityHash` mechanism, which Trillian uses to detect and reject duplicate leaves during queueing.

Trillian provided stronger guarantees to prevent duplicates from entering the queue by using a database-level unique constraint on the leaf identity hash. This constraint requires synchronous database lookups and writes during the critical path of submission, which reduced the write throughput and increased the cost of operation.

> Tessera antispam relaxes these guarantees; it is possible for duplicates to be integrated if they are submitted in close succession to different frontend instances. This keeps the write path fast and cheap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tessera antispam relaxes these guarantees; it is possible for duplicates to be integrated if they are submitted in close succession to different frontend instances. However, in return, this enables the write path to be cheaper and much more scalable while still providing a defense against unbounded additions from a malicious source.
```

?
